README.md, before:

![cover](https://raw.github.com/jjperezaguinaga/Geomit/master/assets/cover.png)

# Geomit

A chrome app that attaches your location every `git commit` to a contributors.geojson file. 

Through [Git Hooks](http://git-scm.com/book/en/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks), [HTML5 Geolocation](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/geolocation/trip_meter/) and the [Networks Communcation API](http://developer.chrome.com/apps/app_network.html), Geomit can create [Geojson](https://help.github.com/articles/mapping-geojson-files-on-github) files to be displayed in your Github repositories.

Your location and of any of your contributors who uses Geomit will be attached in a `contributors.geojson` file in the base of your repository, allowing you to import the rendered map to any webpage through Github's map system.

E.g.
```
<script src="https://embed.github.com/view/geojson/benbalter/dc-wifi-social/master/bars.geojson"></script>
```

## Why?

After [Github's release](https://help.github.com/articles/mapping-geojson-files-on-github) on mapping geoJSON files, anyone can create a `.geojson` file and upload it to their Repositories in order to display a nice map about specific information. However, generating this geojson files is not an easy task, thus Geomit.

Also, many open source projects had been crafted with the love of many developers around the globe. I find the possibility of showing a map at the end of every repository under "Contributors" as a token of gratitude to all developers around the globe.

Commit message:

Updated README, improved wording, added limitations and instructions

README.md, after:

![cover](https://raw.github.com/jjperezaguinaga/Geomit/master/assets/cover.png)

# Geomit

A chrome app that attaches your location every `git commit` to a contributors.geojson file. 

Through [Git Hooks](http://git-scm.com/book/en/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks), [HTML5 Geolocation](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/geolocation/trip_meter/) and the [Networks Communcation API](http://developer.chrome.com/apps/app_network.html), Geomit can create [Geojson](https://help.github.com/articles/mapping-geojson-files-on-github) files to be displayed in your Github repositories.

Your location and of any of your contributors who uses Geomit will be attached in a `contributors.geojson` file in the base of your repository, allowing you to import the rendered map to any webpage through Github's map system.

E.g. Adding this line to a webpage shows the rendered map for this .geojson
```
  <script src="https://embed.github.com/view/geojson/benbalter/dc-wifi-social/master/bars.geojson"></script>
```

## Why?

After [Github's release](https://help.github.com/articles/mapping-geojson-files-on-github) on mapping geoJSON files, anyone can create a `.geojson` file and upload it to their Repositories in order to display a nice map about specific information.

Since many open source projects had been crafted with the love of many developers around the globe, I find the possibility of showing a map at the end of every repository under "Contributors" as a token of gratitude to all developers around the globe.

Through Geomit, this file named as `contributors.geojson` can be easily attached to every repository and then imported to the project Github Pages, showcasing how many developers had been involved in a project and from which part of the globe.

## How?

Geomit opens a TCP port through Google Chrome and the Networks Communication API. This port is listening to your localhost all the time. A git pre-hook requests Geomit for your location, retrieved through the Geolocation API from Chrome (if one can be obtained). The location is then retrieve and parsed together with a prevevious `contributors.geojson` in the repository, or if none, a new one is created. The process ends with the pre-commit adding the `contributors.geojson` file to your repository.

## Instructions

1. After installing Geomit, you then need to add the Ruby pre-commit hook to any repository you want to add a `contributors.geojson` file.

2. Launch Geomit, which will prompt then a welcome message and a listening port display.

3. Continue working as you would normally, ignoring Geomit. Every time you perform a commit, Geomit will retrieve your location, see if there's a `contributors.geojson` file already and add yours, or create a new one if there's none.

## Limitations

Geomit requires the usage of Ruby for connecting to TCP as part of a Pre-commit hook. Future releases might include other languages version.

Since it's a Chrome Extension, it also requires Google Chrome. However, being a [packaged app](http://developer.chrome.com/apps/about_apps.html), its limitations are not as bad as the ones from a Chrome Extension such as needing Google Chrome open. As long as Geomit is open, it can perform all the required actions to retrieve your location.

## Roadamp

* Adding multiple languages support (python, nodejs, shell)
* Adding more information to the Geojson maps.
